NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Today's adventure starts
in the little forest.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[CHIRPS]
[CHIRPING]
[♪♪♪]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Ben, let's play catch.
But, Holly,
we haven't got a ball.
That's easy,
I can magic one up.
Abracadabra
Abraca doo
Magic a ball
And make it blue.
Hm. Maybe not blue.
Red.
It's a bit small.
Shall I make it bigger?
It's fine.
Come on, let's play.
[GIGGLES]
To you, Ben.
Ha-ha-ha. To you, Gaston.
[BARKING]
[HOLLY GIGGLES]
To you, Ben.
Oh, sorry.
BEN:
Ooh.
Holly, have you magicked
the ball into this?
No, that's not our ball.
Look.
[WHISTLES]
[♪♪♪]
So, what's this then?
It looks like an egg.
I wonder where it came from?
There's no trees here.
Maybe it flew?
Eggs don't fly, Holly.
Magic eggs might fly.
Hm...
Maybe it's a dragon's egg.
Gaston, do you know
what kind of egg it is?
[BARKING]
I think that means no.
Oh.
I know.
We can ask Nanny Plum.
Good idea.
[SCATTING]
HOLLY:
Nanny Plum, quick.
Oh, goodness me, what is it?
We've found a magic egg.
Or a dragon's egg.
Come on, we'll show you.
Most interesting. An egg.
Hm...
Here's the magic egg, Nanny.
That's not a magic egg.
Is it a dragon's egg?
No, it's some sort
of bird's egg.
Hello. What sort
of bird's egg are you?
MAN:
A blackbird.
It's a talking egg.
No, it's me,
the Wise Old Elf.
Oh, hello.
Good day, Mistress Plum.
As I was saying,
it is a blackbird's egg,
and there's a baby chick
inside.
How do
you know?
You can hear it tapping.
Listen.
[TAPPING]
Ooh, exciting.
Nanny, can we look after it?
You must never collect
the eggs of wild birds.
The place for an egg
is with the mommy bird.
Wise words, Mistress Plum.
But the mommy bird's
not here.
Then we must find her.
[BARKING]
BEN:
I know.
Gaston can follow
the egg's trail
and find the mommy.
[SNIFFING]
Clever Gaston.
[GIGGLES]
Gaston's good
at smelling things.
[SNIFFING]
[HOWLS]
BEN & HOLLY:
Oh.
I don't think the ladybird
can follow the trail
through water.
Now we can't find
the egg's mommy.
So, what can we do, Nanny?
If the mommy were here,
she would build a nest
and sit on the egg
to keep it warm.
[GIGGLES]
Please, can I sit on it?
Your bottom is too small.
We need a bigger bottom.
[♪♪♪]
Hello, everybody.
Hello, King Thistle.
Daddy, can you help us?
Help you with what?
Your Majesty,
if you could sit on this egg
until we build a nest,
that would be most kind.
Very well.
Daddy looks a bit silly.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLE]
I don't look silly, do I?
No, Daddy.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLE]
I say,
this is jolly uncomfortable.
You won't be long, will you?
We'll be as quick
as we can.
We just need to build
a nest.
I know,
elves can pick up sticks,
fairies can pick up
soft things.
Okay.
We'll collect these sticks.
We'll collect thistledown.
Ooh, thistledown
is very soft.
There.
And now, the magic words.
Sticks, moss
And thistledown
Make me a nest
All cozy and round
[RUMBLING AND WHOOSHING]
Lovely.
Can I get off now?
Of course, Your Majesty.
[CRACKS]
BEN:
Look, there's a crack.
Oh, Daddy,
you've broken the egg.
[CRACKING]
No. The egg is cracking
on its own.
[CRACKING CONTINUES]
The egg is hatching.
ALL:
Ooh.
[CHIRPING]
HOLLY:
Oh. It's a little chick.
ALL: Aw!
[CHIRPING]
Good.
Now the mommy will hear
the chick call,
and come to collect it.
And I can get back
to my work.
[CHIRPING]
HOLLY:
Look, the chick is following
Nanny Plum.
WISE OLD ELF:
Usually, the first thing
a chick sees is its mommy.
BEN:
And this chick saw Nanny first.
HOLLY:
So it thinks Nanny
is its mommy.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[CHIRPING]
I am not a mommy bird.
The chick is hungry.
Mommy bird
must give it food.
I haven't got any food.
What do birds eat?
Worms and insects.
BEN:
Uh, Gaston is an insect.
Gaston, maybe
you should stand back a bit.
[BARKING]
[CHIRPING]
We need to find some worms.
How?
With worm charming,
like this:
[STOMPING AND RUMBLING]
The worms think
it is raining,
and come up to breathe.
ALL:
Ooh.
[STOMPING]
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
[♪♪♪]
BEN:
Look, a worm.
It got away.
ALL:
Oh.
Come on, everyone,
try again.
[STOMPING]
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
[♪♪♪]
HOLLY:
There's another one.
ALL:
Oh.
[PANTING]
I give up.
They're too hard to catch.
[CHIRPING]
The baby bird
is very hungry.
We really need to find
its mommy.
Usually, the mommy bird comes
when her baby calls.
But it's not chirping
loud enough.
[CHIRPING]
Nanny, do a spell to make
the chick chirp louder.
Of course.
Zig zag zig
Make it big
[TINKLING]
BEN:
Oh, no, Nanny!
I think you've got
the spell wrong.
The chick is getting bigger.
I haven't got
the spell wrong.
I made it bigger
to make it louder.
[CHIRPING]
ALL:
Ooh.
Don't worry,
the spell won't last long.
How long, Nanny Plum?
Uh...
It could last a minute,
or a week, or...
[CHIRPING]
[DISTANT CHIRPING]
BEN:
The spell is wearing off.
[CHIRPING]
HOLLY:
And the mommy bird is here.
ALL:
Hooray!
[CHIRPING]
What's it saying?
The chick says,
"Thank you very much,
and bye-bye."
ALL:
Bye-bye.
[CHIRPING]
[STOMACH GROWLING]
Nanny, I'm hungry.
Me too.
And me.
[STOMPING]
How about some juicy worms?
[ALL GRUNT]
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventures starts
at the little castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Ben, where are you?
[PANTING]
Oh. Hi, Ben. Can I play too?
I'm not playing,
I'm training.
It looks like playing to me.
Well, it's not.
I'm getting ready
for the Elf Games.
That sounds fun.
Can I play some elf games?
The Elf Games are not fun.
They're very serious.
Now, I need to practice
my lifting.
[GRUNTING]
This acorn's really heavy.
[GRUNTS]
I can do that.
Abracadabra
[TINKLING]
Easy-peasy. Heh.
You used magic.
We don't have magic
at the Elf Games.
Oh.
So, what do you have?
We have jumping.
Hoopla!
I can do that.
[GIGGLING]
We don't have flying either.
The games are not for fairies,
just for elves.
That's not fair.
Fairies can do lots of things
without flying or magic.
Like what?
I can dance like a ballerina
[GIGGLES]
Okay, but we don't have
dancing at the Elf Games.
Dancing's not the only thing
I can do.
Look.
I'm good at gymnastics.
And I'm really good
at looking pretty.
We don't have dancing,
gymnastics
or looking pretty
at the Elf Games.
Why not?
We're elves.
[BLOWS HORN]
We have serious things,
like jumping, running and--
Princess Holly,
time for your lessons.
Oh, hello, Nanny Plum.
Ben's going to be
in the Elf Games.
Can we go too?
Won't it be boring for you,
Princess Holly?
Watching a lot of sweaty
little elves running about?
We don't just run.
We jump and we lift things.
Look, I won this trophy
for the high jump last year.
Wow!
If you really want a trophy,
you can have one.
Abracazoo, abracazup
For princess Holly
A fancy cup.
Yippee! I've won a trophy.
Hooray!
You can't just magic up
a trophy.
You have to work for it.
I did work for it.
I didn't get this good
at doing spells
without lots of practice.
Well, I've got to go
and practice
my running and jumping.
Good luck, Ben.
Bye, Holly.
See you later.
[♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Welcome to the Elf Games.
Please,
remember the elf rules:
no cheating and no--
NANNY:
Excuse us, please,
fairy princess
coming through.
Carry on, Mr. Old Elf.
Ah, good day, Mistress Plum.
Hi, there.
For the benefit of the, ahem,
fairies amongst us,
may I remind you
there is to be strictly no magic
and absolutely no flying.
Dear me, I was right.
This is going to be boring.
WISE OLD ELF:
Now to our first event.
Running.
Look, there's Ben.
WISE OLD ELF:
On your marks, get set, go!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Ben! Come on, Ben!
Oh, Ben can't hear me.
We'll soon sort that out.
May I? Thank you.
Try this, Princess Holly.
Ben! Ben!
[PANTING]
What?
Go on, Ben! Run, Ben!
[SCREAMING]
I've got
very sensitive ears.
Sorry, Wise Old Elf!
[CROWD CHEERING]
WISE OLD ELF:
Barnaby Elf is the winner!
ALL:
Hooray!
[BEN PANTING]
HOLLY:
Oh, no, Ben's come last.
Oh, dear.
Elves can be very touchy
about this sort of thing.
What did you do that for?
I was trying
to help you win.
I was winning!
It was your shouting
that made me lose.
Sorry, Ben.
NANNY:
Not to worry.
Maybe there's some
other little game
you can have a go at.
Will all competitors
please get ready
for the next event?
The high jump.
You're very good
at jumping, Ben.
You'll easily win.
I hope so.
I hope so too.
There's nothing worse
than a grumpy elf.
WISE OLD ELF:
The first competitor
is Lizzy Elf.
[CROWD GASPS]
ALL:
Hooray!
WISE OLD ELF:
Now, for last year's
high jump champion,
Ben Elf.
Good luck, Ben.
Yes! You can do it!
Hoopla!
ALL:
Hooray!
Phew! I didn't think
he was going to do it.
Another excellent jump.
Now, for our final competitor,
Barnaby Elf.
[CROWD GASPS]
Bad luck, Barnaby.
We're down to the last two
for the high jump trophy.
I hope Ben doesn't knock
the pole off.
As long as they don't
put it up any higher,
I'm sure he'll be fine.
Oh, dear.
WISE OLD ELF:
Lizzy Elf.
ELF:
Come on, Lizzy, jump high!
[CROWD GASPS]
ALL:
Hooray!
WISE OLD ELF:
Now, Ben Elf.
If he loses,
he's going to be really upset.
Don't worry.
We'll give him a little bit
of magical help.
But, Nanny,
magic isn't allowed.
Relax. No one will notice.
Are you sure
no one will notice, Nanny?
Trust me.
[WAND TINKLING]
Whoa!
[CROWD GASPING]
[CROWD CONTINUES GASPING]
NANNY & HOLLY:
Hooray! Well done, Ben!
You see?
I told you no one would notice.
Someone has been using
magic.
He knows.
Okay,
but he doesn't know it was me.
Mistress Plum.
Um... Hello.
I'll take that wand,
if you please.
And Ben Elf,
you are disqualified
from the high jump.
But that's not fair.
The rule book clearly says,
"Magic is not allowed
at the Elf Games."
But it wasn't
Ben's fault.
It was my idea.
Sorry, Ben.
We were worried
you wouldn't win.
I could've won the race
and the high jump.
Now I'm not going to win
anything.
WISE OLD ELF:
Take your partners, please,
for our final event:
The wheelbarrow race.
[ALL GIGGLING]
WISE OLD ELF:
Oh, dear,
Ben doesn't have a partner.
Can I be your partner, Ben?
I promise I won't use magic
or flying.
No! You've already
messed things up enough!
Please, Ben.
I know I'll be good at it.
What is a wheelbarrow race?
[ALL GIGGLING]
This is how you do it.
I'm really good
at walking on my hands.
It's just like gymnastics.
Okay, then.
WISE OLD ELF:
My goodness, a fairy.
Oh, well, the rule book
doesn't say a fairy can't race.
On your marks, get set, go!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[♪♪♪]
[HOLLY GIGGLES]
BOTH:
We won!
ALL:
Hooray!
Goodness me.
The winners are Ben Elf
and Fairy Princess Holly.
ALL:
Hooray!
Thanks, Holly.
No problem, Ben.
Who'd have thought a fairy
could win the wheelbarrow race?
And I can do this.
[♪♪♪]
ALL:
Ooh!
Gracious me.
What was that?
Dancing, gymnastics
and looking pretty.
WISE OLD ELF:
Very good.
At the next Elf Games
we shall have dancing
and gymnastics.
And looking pretty?
Yes, and looking pretty.
ALL:
Hooray!
Maybe Princess Holly
can teach us how to do it.
[GIGGLES]
Yes, please.
[CHUCKLES]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[♪♪♪]